update-trust-anchors.sh: do not append new trust to existing tls-ca-bundle-client.pem (#5)
indigo-iam/egi-trust-anchors-container: README.md

bundles are kept and where the container /etc/pki is rsync'ed, in particular
the bundle `tls-ca-bundle-all.pem` that contains the usual system bundle plus the egi trust-anchors
- `CA_BUNDLE_SECRET_TARGET` (default unset): an optional kubernetes secret including tls-ca-bundle-all.pem

> - `REMOVE_OBSOLETE_FILES_FROM_TARGET` (default: 0): if 1, remove files that are no longer present in the source
> from `CA_BUNDLE_TARGET` and `TRUST_ANCHORS_TARGET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `REMOVE_OBSOLETE_FILES_FROM_TARGET` (default unset): if set, remove from the targets (`CA_BUNDLE_TARGET`, `CA_BUNDLE_SECRET_TARGET` and `TRUST_ANCHORS_TARGET`) CA files that are no longer present in the source
```
For uniformity with other control variables, I would use set/unset. We can remove the explicit list of targets, so that we don't need to change this documentation if we add another target. BTW, is this option relevant for the Java keystore?

Reviewer: In fact, the CA_BUNDLE_SECRET_TARGET is created from scratch and replaces the previous one. I would like confirmation, though. @balciiberk what do you think?

Author: Agreed

Reviewer 2: Yes, it does that because if we just `kubectl apply` which edits the existing secret, than the old config is put in the annotation `kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration` and as our secret is huge, it is bigger than the allowed limit for this annotation. That's why I configured it to create a new one every time.

But in any case,it already behaves as you expect, and the old ones would automatically be removed.
